src/components/Radio/Radio.stories.mdx, before:

import { ArgsTable, Canvas, Meta, Story } from "@storybook/addon-docs/blocks";
import { useState } from "react";
import Radio from "./Radio";

<Meta
  title="Radio"
  component={Radio}
  argTypes={{
    label: {
      control: {
        type: "text",
      },
      defaultValue: "Radio",
    },
    disabled: {
      control: {
        type: "boolean",
      },
    },
    required: {
      control: {
        type: "boolean",
      },
    },
    indeterminate: {
      control: {
        type: "boolean",
      },
    },
  }}
/>

export const Template = (args) => <Radio {...args} />;

### Radio

TODO: add description.

### Props

<ArgsTable of={Radio} />{" "}

### Default

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Default">{Template.bind({})}</Story>
</Canvas>

### Disabled

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Disabled">
    <Radio label="Disabled" name="Radio" disabled></Radio>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

### Required

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Required">
    <Radio label="Required" name="Radio" required></Radio>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

Commit message:

add Checkbox and Radio descriptions

src/components/Radio/Radio.stories.mdx, after:

import { ArgsTable, Canvas, Meta, Story } from "@storybook/addon-docs/blocks";
import { useState } from "react";
import Radio from "./Radio";

<Meta
  title="Radio"
  component={Radio}
  argTypes={{
    label: {
      control: {
        type: "text",
      },
      defaultValue: "Radio",
    },
    disabled: {
      control: {
        type: "boolean",
      },
    },
    required: {
      control: {
        type: "boolean",
      },
    },
    indeterminate: {
      control: {
        type: "boolean",
      },
    },
  }}
/>

export const Template = (args) => <Radio {...args} />;

### Radio

This is a [React](https://reactjs.org/) component for the Vanilla [Radio button](https://docs.vanillaframework.io/docs/base/forms#radio-button).

Use radio buttons to select one of the given set of options.

### Props

<ArgsTable of={Radio} />{" "}

### Default

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Default">{Template.bind({})}</Story>
</Canvas>

### Disabled

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Disabled">
    <Radio label="Disabled" name="Radio" disabled></Radio>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

### Required

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Required">
    <Radio label="Required" name="Radio" required></Radio>
  </Story>
</Canvas>
