README.md, before:

# React components for Vanilla Framework.

This is a collection of components designed to be the way to consume [Vanilla Framework](http://vanillaframework.io) when using React.

## How to use the components

See the [component docs](https://canonical-web-and-design.github.io/react-components/) for usage instructions.

![CI](https://github.com/canonical-web-and-design/react-components/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=master)
![Cypress chrome headless](https://github.com/canonical-web-and-design/react-components/workflows/Cypress%20chrome%20headless/badge.svg)

## Install

To use the [NPM package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@canonical/react-components) do:

```shell
yarn add @canonical/react-components
```

Or if you use NPM:

```shell
npm install @canonical/react-components
```

## Issues

Please file any issues at [GitHub](https://github.com/canonical-web-and-design/react-components/issues).

## Contributing

You might want to:

- [View the source](https://github.com/canonical-web-and-design/react-components) on GitHub.
- Read abut [developing components](https://github.com/canonical-web-and-design/react-components/blob/master/HACKING.md).
- Find out how to [publish to NPM](https://github.com/canonical-web-and-design/react-components/blob/master/PUBLISH-NPM-PACKAGE.md).
- Know how to [publish the docs](https://github.com/canonical-web-and-design/react-components/blob/master/PUBLISHING-DOCS.md) to GitHub Pages.

Commit message:

doc: add sass-loader requirement Vanilla is built on sass, consequently any project using react-components must be configured to compile sass.
Fixes: #262

README.md, after:

# React components for Vanilla Framework.

This is a collection of components designed to be the way to consume [Vanilla Framework](http://vanillaframework.io) when using React.

## How to use the components

See the [component docs](https://canonical-web-and-design.github.io/react-components/) for usage instructions.

![CI](https://github.com/canonical-web-and-design/react-components/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=master)
![Cypress chrome headless](https://github.com/canonical-web-and-design/react-components/workflows/Cypress%20chrome%20headless/badge.svg)

## Requirements

Canonical react components currently require that your build is configured with [sass-loader](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/sass-loader) (or equivalent), to compile sass.

## Install

To use the [NPM package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@canonical/react-components) do:

```shell
yarn add @canonical/react-components
```

Or if you use NPM:

```shell
npm install @canonical/react-components
```

## Issues

Please file any issues at [GitHub](https://github.com/canonical-web-and-design/react-components/issues).

## Contributing

You might want to:

- [View the source](https://github.com/canonical-web-and-design/react-components) on GitHub.
- Read abut [developing components](https://github.com/canonical-web-and-design/react-components/blob/master/HACKING.md).
- Find out how to [publish to NPM](https://github.com/canonical-web-and-design/react-components/blob/master/PUBLISH-NPM-PACKAGE.md).
- Know how to [publish the docs](https://github.com/canonical-web-and-design/react-components/blob/master/PUBLISHING-DOCS.md) to GitHub Pages.
