src/components/Checkbox/Checkbox.stories.mdx, before:

import { ArgsTable, Canvas, Meta, Story } from "@storybook/addon-docs/blocks";
import { useState } from "react";
import Checkbox from "./Checkbox";

<Meta
  title="Checkbox"
  component={Checkbox}
  argTypes={{
    label: {
      control: {
        type: "text",
      },
      defaultValue: "Checkbox",
    },
    disabled: {
      control: {
        type: "boolean",
      },
    },
    required: {
      control: {
        type: "boolean",
      },
    },
    indeterminate: {
      control: {
        type: "boolean",
      },
    },
  }}
/>

export const Template = (args) => <Checkbox {...args} />;

### Checkbox

TODO: add description.

### Props

<ArgsTable of={Checkbox} />{" "}

### Default

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Default">{Template.bind({})}</Story>
</Canvas>

### Disabled

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Disabled">
    <Checkbox label="Disabled" disabled></Checkbox>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

### Required

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Required">
    <Checkbox label="Required" required></Checkbox>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

### Indeterminate

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Indeterminate">
    <Checkbox label="Indeterminate" indeterminate></Checkbox>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

Commit message:

add Checkbox and Radio descriptions

src/components/Checkbox/Checkbox.stories.mdx, after:

import { ArgsTable, Canvas, Meta, Story } from "@storybook/addon-docs/blocks";
import { useState } from "react";
import Checkbox from "./Checkbox";

<Meta
  title="Checkbox"
  component={Checkbox}
  argTypes={{
    label: {
      control: {
        type: "text",
      },
      defaultValue: "Checkbox",
    },
    disabled: {
      control: {
        type: "boolean",
      },
    },
    required: {
      control: {
        type: "boolean",
      },
    },
    indeterminate: {
      control: {
        type: "boolean",
      },
    },
  }}
/>

export const Template = (args) => <Checkbox {...args} />;

### Checkbox

This is a [React](https://reactjs.org/) component for the Vanilla [Checkbox](https://docs.vanillaframework.io/docs/base/forms#checkbox).

Use the checkbox component to select one or more options.

### Props

<ArgsTable of={Checkbox} />{" "}

### Default

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Default">{Template.bind({})}</Story>
</Canvas>

### Disabled

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Disabled">
    <Checkbox label="Disabled" disabled></Checkbox>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

### Required

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Required">
    <Checkbox label="Required" required></Checkbox>
  </Story>
</Canvas>

### Indeterminate

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Indeterminate">
    <Checkbox label="Indeterminate" indeterminate></Checkbox>
  </Story>
</Canvas>
